I let it stuck outside American Scott's
we fuckin own redstone fuckin ass drain
current which inspires African
it's aster spinning behind my for the
redstone fucker whetstone yeah whetstone
just becoming me a whetstone ultimate
damage we talk about 50 no motherfucking
we end with the hoods or cooler
Dino my high school last click me avenge
me I'm open
wouldn't hurt see 1900 words owned and
become mere maybe a mountain
oh it's cooler you know so the how it's
called to make energy meter on Decker to
me he would need nine our Afghan Scott
Stoker becomed here in team ear
in the meter the 39 to attend becomes a
plateau de plateau Macchio Monday night
on your becomes darker so mister can
kinda done fucking austere he heard call
him at the time you met Anya calmed I
know fuck it current has done of MIT and
oh my including my own they become V
Lynaugh fucker when your redstone he
ninety would become any weds don't
fucker
okay the spas offshore a shellfish condo
hey Justin a smile society Technic team
you